Day 2 Morning.

I wouldn't have done that. And I don't think you would, too!

What am I talking about?
The cutting of Malchus' ear by Peter, and its restoration by Jesus Christ.

Moments of pain isn't the time we want to do good. Forget it, we're all good people, as long as all is well... But not Jesus; He was being arrested, great pain was ahead, but he would not pass off the opportunity to be good, and to do good.

If doing good, in moments of pain would make things better, we all would be good. But what if our good actions change nothing?

And even when we're powerless to do good or bad in moments of pain, what do our thoughts and prayers reflect? Isn't it revenge or greater harm to those who cause our pain?

Here in the Garden, Peter was the sworder, being changed by this act of Christ, the apostle would write years later:
"This is the kind of life you’ve been invited into, the kind of life Christ lived. He suffered everything that came his way so you would know that it could be done, and also know how to do it, step-by-step. (1 Peter 2:21 MSG)

Easter teaches that we can, and should be good even in moments of pain.

Good morning

.....................................................................

#EasterStories18
Day 2 Evening.

How on earth could he offer such prayer?

He was wrongly accused. Stephen didn't do what they said he did.

But where did he find the courage to say these words of prayer: "Lord, lay not this sin to their charge" (Acts 7:60 KJV)

Well, there was only one place he could have found it.

AT EASTER!
AT THE CROSS! 

Having being falsely accused, by both clergy and laity, stripped of his clothing, and cast upon the cross, Jesus would still plead for those who hurt Him.

Luke records "Then said Jesus , Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do." (Luke 23:34 KJV) 

What about you?
Haven't people accused you vehemently of things you never did?
Does it not seem that you have been stripped of your integrity, because some people accused you wrongly.

Have you lost your job?
Have you lost friends?
Have you lost family?

Have you lost God? No!

Joseph. Stephen. Jesus. You. Me. We've got the same thing in common. We get accused wrongly.

But like Jesus Christ, can we take a moment to release that pain at the cross.
Can you say, "Father, I release it all to you, help me forgive all those who hurt me. Amen"

Because Christ did it.
You can.

Good evening.